CCS
###
:date: 2009-07-31 18:24
:author: bryan
:category: Project Updates
:tags: CCS
:slug: ccs
:status: published

So, I've been working on my open source Classroom Control System this
month, and I've just started to write the installers.  If you are
familiar with NetOp's School6 software, you know how powerful a
classroom control system can be.

My classroom control system will allow teachers to see what student
computers are on and apply actions to any of them.  Teachers can
rearrange the internal frames that represent the student computers and
save the layout as he / she sees fit (useful to easily tell what
computer you are controlling).  The teacher can remote control a
student's computer via the CCS's interface.  That particular function
uses the free program RealVNC.  Just think if the teacher's computer is
hooked to a projector.  The teacher can ask a student to perform a task
for the class, or they can answer the question that the student had for
the class.  If the room doesn't have a projector, the teacher can simply
use the Broadcast Screen function to broadcast his / her screen to any
or all of the student computers.

But there's more.  The teacher can set a whitelist or blacklist for both
programs and websites and save the policies under his / her particular
profile.  You can also do things like Turn Off Monitor, Turn Off
Machine, Empty Recycle Bin, Mute Volume, Unmute Volume, and set an open
lab.

I'll make sure to put up a link when I'm finally done.
